#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aenum==3.1.15
    # via ai-api-client-sdk
ai-api-client-sdk==2.1.2
    # via ai-core-sdk
ai-core-sdk==2.3.5
    # via generative-ai-hub-sdk
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-legacy
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   llama-index-readers-file
    #   unstructured
    #   wikipedia
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   ai-core-sdk
    #   generative-ai-hub-sdk
    #   nltk
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via pdfminer-six
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-legacy
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
deepdiff==7.0.1
    # via unstructured-client
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-legacy
    #   pikepdf
dirtyjson==1.0.8
    # via
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-legacy
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
effdet==0.4.1
    # via unstructured
emoji==2.12.1
    # via unstructured
filelock==3.15.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via onnxruntime
fonttools==4.53.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-legacy
    #   torch
generative-ai-hub-sdk==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via -r requirements.in
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.4
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.19.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.133.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.30.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-vision==3.7.2
    # via unstructured
google-generativeai==0.5.4
    # via langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.64.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.2
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
hdbcli==2.20.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy-hana
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-legacy
    #   llamaindex-py-client
    #   openai
    #   unstructured-client
huggingface-hub==0.23.4
    # via
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
    #   yarl
iopath==0.1.10
    # via layoutparser
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via nltk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via unstructured-client
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.2.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-google-genai==1.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.1
    # via langchain
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langsmith==0.1.77
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
layoutparser==0.3.4
    # via unstructured-inference
llama-index==0.10.45
    # via -r requirements.in
llama-index-agent-openai==0.2.7
    # via
    #   llama-index
    #   llama-index-program-openai
llama-index-cli==0.1.12
    # via llama-index
llama-index-core==0.10.44
    # via
    #   llama-index
    #   llama-index-agent-openai
    #   llama-index-cli
    #   llama-index-embeddings-openai
    #   llama-index-indices-managed-llama-cloud
    #   llama-index-llms-openai
    #   llama-index-multi-modal-llms-openai
    #   llama-index-program-openai
    #   llama-index-question-gen-openai
    #   llama-index-readers-file
    #   llama-index-readers-llama-parse
    #   llama-parse
llama-index-embeddings-openai==0.1.10
    # via
    #   llama-index
    #   llama-index-cli
llama-index-indices-managed-llama-cloud==0.1.6
    # via llama-index
llama-index-legacy==0.9.48
    # via llama-index
llama-index-llms-openai==0.1.22
    # via
    #   llama-index
    #   llama-index-agent-openai
    #   llama-index-cli
    #   llama-index-multi-modal-llms-openai
    #   llama-index-program-openai
    #   llama-index-question-gen-openai
llama-index-multi-modal-llms-openai==0.1.6
    # via llama-index
llama-index-program-openai==0.1.6
    # via
    #   llama-index
    #   llama-index-question-gen-openai
llama-index-question-gen-openai==0.1.3
    # via llama-index
llama-index-readers-file==0.1.25
    # via llama-index
llama-index-readers-llama-parse==0.1.4
    # via llama-index
llama-parse==0.4.4
    # via llama-index-readers-llama-parse
llamaindex-py-client==0.1.19
    # via
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-indices-managed-llama-cloud
lxml==5.2.2
    # via
    #   pikepdf
    #   unstructured
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
matplotlib==3.9.0
    # via
    #   pycocotools
    #   unstructured-inference
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured-client
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-legacy
    #   unstructured-client
networkx==3.3
    # via
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-legacy
    #   torch
nltk==3.8.1
    # via
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-legacy
    #   unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   layoutparser
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-legacy
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   pycocotools
    #   scipy
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via effdet
onnx==1.16.1
    # via
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
onnxruntime==1.18.0
    # via unstructured-inference
openai==1.33.0
    # via
    #   generative-ai-hub-sdk
    #   langchain-openai
    #   llama-index-agent-openai
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-legacy
opencv-python==4.10.0.84
    # via
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured-inference
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via deepdiff
orjson==3.10.4
    # via langsmith
overloading==0.5.0
    # via generative-ai-hub-sdk
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pikepdf
    #   pytesseract
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-client
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   layoutparser
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-legacy
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured
pdfminer==20191125
    # via -r requirements.in
pdfminer-six==20231228
    # via
    #   pdfplumber
    #   unstructured
pdfplumber==0.11.1
    # via layoutparser
pikepdf==9.0.0
    # via unstructured
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   layoutparser
    #   llama-index-core
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   pdfplumber
    #   pikepdf
    #   pillow-heif
    #   pytesseract
    #   torchvision
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
pillow-heif==0.16.0
    # via unstructured
portalocker==2.8.2
    # via iopath
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pycocotools==2.0.8
    # via effdet
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.20.0
    # via pdfminer
pydantic==2.7.4
    # via
    #   generative-ai-hub-sdk
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   llamaindex-py-client
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.18.4
    # via pydantic
pyhumps==3.8.0
    # via ai-api-client-sdk
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
pypdf==4.2.0
    # via
    #   llama-index-readers-file
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
pypdfium2==4.30.0
    # via pdfplumber
pytesseract==0.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   unstructured-client
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-iso639==2024.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via unstructured-inference
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   layoutparser
    #   llama-index-core
    #   omegaconf
    #   timm
    #   transformers
rapidfuzz==3.9.3
    # via
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
regex==2024.5.15
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ai-api-client-sdk
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-legacy
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
    #   wikipedia
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via unstructured-client
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
safetensors==0.4.3
    # via
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scipy==1.13.1
    # via layoutparser
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
    #   unstructured-client
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy[asyncio]==2.0.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-legacy
    #   sqlalchemy-hana
sqlalchemy-hana==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
striprtf==0.0.26
    # via llama-index-readers-file
sympy==1.12.1
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via unstructured
tenacity==8.3.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-legacy
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-legacy
timm==1.0.7
    # via
    #   effdet
    #   unstructured-inference
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via transformers
torch==2.2.2
    # via
    #   effdet
    #   timm
    #   torchvision
    #   unstructured-inference
torchvision==0.17.2
    # via
    #   effdet
    #   timm
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   llama-index-core
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
transformers==4.41.2
    # via unstructured-inference
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   emoji
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-legacy
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-legacy
    #   unstructured-client
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
unstructured[pdf]==0.14.6
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.23.7
    # via unstructured
unstructured-inference==0.7.35
    # via unstructured
unstructured-pytesseract==0.3.12
    # via unstructured
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
wikipedia==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   llama-index-core
    #   unstructured
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
